[Music]
because if not I wouldn't have time because we
had to come to everyone I had to
do the interview and nothing and
then I went to I went up when I enter
the room I see the door the second
door unhooked
I see there we go I say the second door
hanging unhooked unhooked
the door also hanging what had they
done my God
that Rocío Jurado slammed the
door When she saw him come in that
Of course slammed the door the door came
down oh
my goodness the woman got nervous
and then nothing I started talking to
her Of course I totally hid it and didn't
ask about the fight or anything You know
I was going what I was going to my interview and all
And I didn't want to say that I had arrived and
that I had heard all that or anything you
know I asked her man logically I
had to ask her because one of the
fundamental contents of the
interview was a year after the
reception that could have almost been fatal no
Ortega is not going to bullfight here again of
course I had to ask her about that
no and then well she well I don't
remember what she told me exactly Well
yes I have happened to her very  I'm really
nervous because last year I almost
lost him here, and besides, you know that
they're like very dramatic, not
very emotional, very dramatic. And
then, well, as it was Rocio
Jurado.
Then I understood when she was
explaining herself to me, well, that it had really
hurt her a lot that they hadn't
called her, she didn't say anything in the
interview, but she told me that she had had a really
bad time, that it had been a
really bad afternoon for her because of the memories that it
brought back and such, and how bad she had
had it last year in that same plaza, so
look, not the anecdotes that you
have, I
've put them in private. But
anyway, I hope you don't mind me
telling you here, but it's not because it's the
other one who was here, my friend Paco de
Narváez, I don't know if you know him, he was
on Viva la Vida a couple of times, he has been a
friend of a friend of
Pedro Carrasco and the other day he was here, he
said to me, please remember to
ask Angela
if she knows anything about
Pedro Carrasco's opinion regarding the adoption
that Rocio Jurado did. I mean, well, I  I
ask him. There's no reason, really,
no. I've
had
very, very little contact with Pedro Carrasco, really as a
professional,
he always worked with the
Queen agency or with Scorpio, with which
we didn't read either with Marisa
Martín Blázquez and Antonio Montero where
the objective was the agencies that
used to work with him, they did the
reports at that time about Raquel
Mosquera and when he adopted the children and
all that, so really I've never
had the opportunity to ask him or I've known, you know, I've
known that he
could give his opinion, I think it wouldn't
be something that Pedro Carrasco had, well,
with Rocío and with Ortega Cano too, I
mean, they had a good relationship so yes, they
were the example of an
idyllic marriage when it came to being
separated, right? An idyllic heritage of an
ideal ex-marriage to put in a
showcase. Well, yes, the truth is because it's
true that they got along very well and Rocío
Jurado was also a great woman, I
mean, she was very good people, that's what I'm
telling you when they are good people and
Pedro Carrasco was also then
Well, look. Well, Pedro
Carrasco's father stayed there living in the
house until he died.
Pedro Carrasco went every day to
see his father and to see his daughter and he would
enter the house as if he were you know.
So, they really
had a very good, very good relationship. I
think that they loved each other a lot, they
respected each other a lot and
those relationships ended so it
ended but they didn't end badly
brutally. Did you hear the other day
Rosa Villacastín yes it was Rosa
who said what Rocío Carrasco says That they
died one in love with the other that
that is completely false that we
were popular that Rocío Jurado had
repeated many times that the
butterflies in her stomach had already
died a long time ago and that they didn't even
touch each other those are Rosa's words let's
see, I think we talked about this
last time I think it's normal that as a
daughter she
says that, you know, I mean, I think it's normal
but it's not real, I mean, I understand that
Rocío Carrasco says it but I don't understand
that she tries to
convey it as an irrefutable truth
when many of us know that that is not the case
and we also know the  reasons why
that marriage broke up So
since
Rocío Jurado is not here to defend herself
Although they were stories that were
made public at the time, we can
look for it for that famous timeline. I'll
send you a screenshot of
the diagrams. What we've missed
because I haven't told you anything yet
because I've asked myself, a
collaborator of the Channel, a friend who,
like her, has like a newspaper library
because these people are often
bookworms, we tell her they'll take you out
click, clever like the rescued them,
like she rescued this and they take you out. What I've
asked her is to give me more
or less each part that we have to click so that you and
I can be here commenting and at the
same time watching the clip. Okay, possible, as you
said,
my follower
Mimi's name is what I don't know by heart is
Twitter.
Tell Mimi to look if she can, if she has
access to newspaper libraries and such,
if she can find it, that I've
tried to search. So a little without
dedicating too much time to it, when
Rocío Jurado buys the house that she buys in Miami
and to look for
information that came out relating to
her friendship with an Iberia commander
who
is  well known quite well known well
because I think it's like
the super pilot of Iberia is already very
old I don't know if he has already retired but
until recently Well until recently I
think when the Spanish national team returned
When was the World Cup that we won the
red in 2010 there are several
or in 2014
he brings them to the national team on the
Liberia plane and there the name is given and with that
person he is related at that time to
Rocío Jurado and as I tell you and it coincides with
the purchase of the house in Miami that I
looked for it to see if we can
link links there
returning to the subject of gema for me where
[Music]